Q1)
    The main reason I chose the language C for this assignment is because it is one of my most comfortable languages to code with. 
    In my experience with C getting input from the terminal and read/writing input from files has alsways been straight forward and easier
    to comprehend. The tools I chose to use helped me complete this task were pretty basic. I used stdio.h to help me with the input/output
    of the program such as reading the data from .csv, reading the given arguments, and printf/fscanf statements and opening files are all 
    included in this library. For the stdlib.h library, I used this to help me convert char pointers to integers and to exit the code if an 
    error occured with opening the given file. Finally, for string.h, I used this library to help me compare two 'strings' as well as copying
    onr 'string' to another. I put string in single quotes because I am referring these variables as strings but C does not include a data 
    type for string, so they are char pointers.

Q2)
    The advantages of using C for this program is C has fast performance for very large csv files, it is easy to read/write, and C allows me 
    to communicate more with the computer's architecture to optimize the speed of the execution/compilation time. Disadvantages of using C is 
    that C does not have built-in garbage collection like Java does, so the garbage collection is left to the user, lack of object orientation,
    however I handled this by using a struct in the same way I would use a class in an OOP language, and the presense of run-time checking. 
    Another big issue that I ran into while doing this project is that C does not include a data type for dates, so these values were stored as
    char * (strings) and had to be compared as such.

Q3)
    My most favorite coding project for school would have to be when I created my own software application for drone automation in a software 
    engineering course. This was a challenging project, but also very fun in the process. I worked in a group for this project and ended up taking 
    the lead after the original team leader failed to follow team norms and failed to get the project to an acceptable version for the submission.
    In the end, my team did very well in work distribution, communication and delivered a project that got an A for the project and in the class 
    graded based off of the performance and level of completion of the project.